README.md, before:

# Sufentanil-Model
Whole-body PBPK model of Sufentanil

<a title="Sufentanil" href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sufentanil.svg"><img width="512" alt="Sufentanil" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9a/Sufentanil.svg/512px-Sufentanil.svg.png"></a>

## Repository files

Within this repository, we distribute a whole-body PBPK model of  Sufentanil, that has been developed using clinical studies in adults and evaluated for its predictive performance of CYP3A4 mediated clearance after intravenous administration in children. 

The PK-Sim project file contains simulations of all published clinical studies employed during model establishment [[1-2](#reference)] and for model predictions in pediatrics [[3-4](#reference)], including the respective observed data digitized.

## Code of conduct

Everyone interacting in the Open Systems Pharmacology community  (codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms, mailing lists etc...) is  expected to follow the Open Systems Pharmacology [code of conduct](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#contributor-covenant-code-of-conduct).

## Contribution

We encourage contribution to the Open Systems Pharmacology community. Before getting started please read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#ways-to-contribute). If you are contributing code, please be familiar with the [coding standard](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CODING_STANDARDS.md#visual-studio-settings).

## License

The model code is distributed under the [GPLv2 License](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/develop/LICENSE).

## Reference

[1] [Bovill JG, Sebel PS, Blackburn CL, Oei-Lim V, Heykants JJ. The pharmacokinetics of sufentanil in surgical patients. Anesthesiology. 1984 Nov;61(5):502-6.](http://anesthesiology.pubs.asahq.org/article.aspx?articleid=1955880)

[2] [Willsie SK, Evashenk MA2, Hamel LG, Hwang SS, Chiang YK, Palmer PP. Pharmacokinetic properties of single- and repeated-dose sufentanil sublingual tablets in healthy volunteers. Clin Ther. 2015 Jan 1;37(1):145-55. doi: 10.1016/j.clinthera.2014.11.001. Epub 2014 Dec 24.](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0149291814007334?via%3Dihub)

[3] [Davis PJ, Cook DR, Stiller RL, Davin-Robinson KA. Pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics of high-dose sufentanil in infants and children undergoing cardiac surgery. Anesth Analg. 1987 Mar;66(3):203-8.](https://insights.ovid.com/pubmed?pmid=2950809)

[4] [Guay J, Gaudreault P, Tang A, Goulet B, Varin F. Pharmacokinetics of sufentanil in normal children. Can J Anaesth. 1992 Jan;39(1):14-20.](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2FBF03008666)

Commit message:

Sufentanil model: Added evaluation workflow documents and updated readme (#8)
* Added evaluation workflow documents and updated readme

* corrected wording

* corrected wording

* Delete Sufentanil.json

* Uploaded Sufentanil Json model-file

* Updated version description and model link

* Updated version description and model link

* Updated version description

README.md, after:

# Sufentanil-Model
Whole-body PBPK model of Sufentanil

<a title="Harbin / Public domain" href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sufentanil.svg"><img width="512" alt="Sufentanil" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9a/Sufentanil.svg/512px-Sufentanil.svg.png"></a>

This repository contains:

- a [PK-Sim snapshot (*.json) file](https://docs.open-systems-pharmacology.org/working-with-pk-sim/pk-sim-documentation/importing-exporting-project-data-models#exporting-project-to-snapshot-loading-project-from-snapshot)  of the current PBPK model
- static content (e.g. text blocks, *.md files) as inputs for an evaluation plan
- an evaluation plan (evaluation-plan.json) to create an evaluation report using the snapshot and static text blocks to display the performance of the model

**The latest release of the snapshot of the model, the evaluation plan and the static content can be found [here](../../releases/latest).**

**The latest release of the PK-Sim project model file and the respective evaluation report can be found [here](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/OSP-PBPK-Model-Library/releases/latest).**


## Code of conduct

Everyone interacting in the Open Systems Pharmacology community  (codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms, mailing lists etc...) is  expected to follow the Open Systems Pharmacology [code of conduct](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#contributor-covenant-code-of-conduct).

## Contribution

We encourage contribution to the Open Systems Pharmacology community. Before getting started please read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#ways-to-contribute). If you are contributing code, please be familiar with the [coding standard](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/master/CODING_STANDARDS.md#visual-studio-settings).

## License

The model code is distributed under the [GPLv2 License](https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/Suite/blob/develop/LICENSE).
